refactor(agw): remove leftover dependency lists and doc refs for Debian (#8000)
magma/magma: docs/readmes/howtos/README_package.md

# Packaging
TL;DR
-----

> 1. Run `fab test package:git` on the host to create packages inside the

Reviewer: I think the `:git` is now unnecessary cc @tmdzk (same below etc)

-----

> 1. Running `fab test package:git` on the host creates the package inside the
> gateway VM

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run `fab test package:git` on the host to create packages inside the
gateway VM
```
reads nicer I think

Author: Done.

If you want to test upgrading versions, skip the part where you spin up a fresh
prod VM, and instead set up a VM with whatever version you're trying to test

> upgrade from. For example, if you want to test upgrading from the currrently

Reviewer 2: ![](https://media2.giphy.com/media/bC9czlgCMtw4cj8RgH/giphy.gif)

Author: I considered changing it to `currrrently`
